update: wpb-22590 documentation for Fake AWS (SNS/SQS) for websocket (#98)
wireapp/wire-docs: src/how-to/install/sft.rst

> 
> Installing Conference Calling 2.0
> ======================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Installing Conference Calling 2.0 (aka SFT)
======================================================
```

Background
------------

> Previously Wire group cals were implemented as a mesh, where each participant was connected
> to eachother in a peer-to-peer fashion.  This meant that a client would have to upload their
> video and audio feeds separately for each participant.  This in practise means that the amount
> of participants is limited by the upload bandwidth of the clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, Wire group calls were implemented as a mesh, where each participant was connected
to each other in a peer-to-peer fashion. This meant that a client would have to upload their
video and audio feeds separately for each participant. This in practice meant that the amount
of participants was limited by the upload bandwidth of the clients.
```

> 
> Wire now has a signalling-forwarding unit called SFT which allows clients to upload once and
> then the SFT fans out it out to the other clients.  Because connections are not end-to-end anymore now, dTLS encryption offered by WebRTC is not enough anymore as the encryption is terminated at the server-side.  To avoid Wire from seeing the contents of calls SFT utilises WebRTC InsertibleStreams to encrypt the packets a second time with a group key that is not known to the server.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Wire now has a signalling-forwarding unit called `SFT <https://github.com/wireapp/wire-avs-service>`_ which allows clients to upload once and
then the SFT fans it out to the other clients. Because connections are not end-to-end anymore now, dTLS encryption offered by WebRTC is not enough anymore as the encryption is terminated at the server-side. To avoid Wire from seeing the contents of calls SFT utilises WebRTC InsertibleStreams to encrypt the packets a second time with a group key that is not known to the server.

```

> Using SFT large but secure audio and video calls are possible.

Reviewer: question: what does the sentence mean? More precisely, *[..] large [...]*?

Reviewer 2: I mean with more than 6 participants

Prerequisites
-------------

The SFT needs to be reachable by clients on its public IP and should be able to reach the TURN servers as well for it to function.

> Only one SFT instance can run per node so if you want to scale up your SFT instance you will need to increase the amount of kubernetes nodes in your cluster.

Reviewer: question: is K8s already implicit at this point? or should *kubernetes nodes* rather be sth like *machines* or *servers*?

Reviewer 2: One could perfectly fine run multiple SFT instances on one server if you have multiple IPs; but kubernetes (at least in IPv4) does not give us this. So it's a kubernetes-specific issue.

As a rule of thumb you will need 1vCPU of compute per 50 participants.

> For more information about capacity planning and networking please refer to the technical documentation at https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/eab0ce1ff335889bc5a187c51872dfd0e78cc22b/charts/sftd/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about capacity planning and networking please refer to the `technical documentation <https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/eab0ce1ff335889bc5a187c51872dfd0e78cc22b/charts/sftd/README.md>`_
```

Deploying the SFT
------------------

> The SFT component is shipped as a separate helm chart.  Installation is similar to installing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SFT component is shipped as a separate helm chart. Installation is similar to installing
```

the charts as in :ref:`helm_prod`.

> By default ``sftd`` doesn't need to set that many options so we define them inline. However you could of course also set these values in a ``values.yaml`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default ``sftd`` doesn't need to set that many options, so we define them inline. However, you could of course also set these values in a ``values.yaml`` file.
```

> SFTD will deploy a kubernetes Ingress on ``$SFTD_HOST``.  Make sure that the domain name ``$SFTD_HOST`` points to your ingress IP as set up in :ref:`helm_prod`.   The SFTD also needs to be made aware of the domain name of the webapp that you set up in :ref:`helm_prod` for setting up the appropriate CSP headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SFT will deploy a Kubernetes Ingress on ``$SFTD_HOST``.  Make sure that the domain name ``$SFTD_HOST`` points to your ingress IP as set up in :ref:`helm_prod`.  The SFT also needs to be made aware of the domain name of the webapp that you set up in :ref:`helm_prod` for setting up the appropriate CSP headers.
```

.. code:: shell

   export SFTD_HOST=sftd.example.com
   export WEBAPP_HOST=webapp.example.com

Now you can install the chart:

.. code:: shell

> 
>    helm upgrade --install sftd wire/sftd --set
>     helm install sftd wire/sftd  \
>       --set host=$SFTD_HOST \
>       --set allowOrigin=https://$WEBAPP_HOST \
>       --set-file tls.crt=/path/to/tls.crt \
>       --set-file tls.key=/path/to/tls.k
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    helm upgrade --install sftd wire/sftd --set
    helm install sftd wire/sftd  \
      --set host=$SFTD_HOST \
      --set allowOrigin=https://$WEBAPP_HOST \
      --set-file tls.crt=/path/to/tls.crt \
      --set-file tls.key=/path/to/tls.k

```

> For more advanced setups please refer to the technical documentation at https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/eab0ce1ff335889bc5a187c51872dfd0e78cc22b/charts/sftd/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more advanced setups please refer to the `technical documentation <https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/eab0ce1ff335889bc5a187c51872dfd0e78cc22b/charts/sftd/README.md>`_
```

Configuring wire-server
-----------------------

> You should make sure that in ``values/wire-server/values.yaml`` you set  ``brig.optSettings.setSftStaticUrl`` to ``https://$SFTD_HOST:443`` where ``$SFTD_HOST`` is replaced with the domain name of the SFT server. Then roll out the change:

Reviewer: question: any idea why this isn't a list of URLs?

Reviewer 2: This points to the load-balancer (nginx-ingress) of which we need and have one!  (The load-balancer will then route the request to one of the available SFT servers)

Reviewer: Yeah okay. In the scenario of putting SFT on top of K8s, it's not an issue and not needed. But our own deployment atm has a couple of SFT instances and the `/calls/config.json return a list of SFTs - and we dont do LB there atm. I guess, what I'm trying to say is, being able to define a list instead of a single FQDN would just be consistent with on-prem TURN and how we do it currently. Anyway, I move the conversation and my confusion around this into the team.
